=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Template::Tiny - process template files in your dist using Template::Tiny

=head1 VERSION

version 0.03

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 [Template::Tiny]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin processes TT template files included in your distribution using
L<Template::Tiny> (a subset of L<Template Toolkit|Template>).  It provides
a single variable C<dzil> which is an instance of L<Dist::Zilla> which can
be queried for things like the version or name of the distribution.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 finder

Specifies a L<FileFinder|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinder> for the TT files that
you want processed.  If not specified all TT files with the .tt extension will
be processed.

 [FileFinder::ByName / TTFiles]
 file = *.tt
 [Template::Tiny]
 finder = TTFiles

=head2 output_regex

Regular expression substitution used to generate the output filenames.  By default
this is

 [Template::Tiny]
 output_regex = /\.tt$//

which generates a C<Foo.pm> for each C<Foo.pm.tt>.

=head2 trim

Passed as C<TRIM> to the constructor for L<Template::Tiny>.

=head2 var

Specify additional variables for use by your template.  The format is I<name> = I<value>
so to specify foo = 1 and bar = 'hello world' you would include this in your dist.ini:

 [Template::Tiny]
 var = foo = 1
 var = bar = hello world

=head2 replace

If set to a true value, existing files in the source tree will be replaced, if necessary.

=head2 prune

If set to a true value, the original template files will NOT be included in the built distribution.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>gather_files( $arg )

This method processes the TT files and injects the results into your dist.

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>munge_files

This method is used to munge files that need to be replaced instead of injected.

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>prune_files

This method is used to prune the original templates if the C<prune> attribute is
set.

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>mvp_multivalue_args

Returns list of attributes that can be specified multiple times.

=head1 EXAMPLES

Why would you even need templates that get processed when you build your distribution
anyway?  There are many useful L<Dist::Zilla> plugins that provide mechanisms for
manipulating POD and Perl after all.  I work on Perl distributions that are web apps
that include CSS and JavaScript, and I needed a way to get the distribution version into
the JavaScript.  This seemed to be the clearest and most simple way to go about this.

First of all, I have a share directory called public that gets installed via 
L<[ShareDir]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ShareDir>.

 [ShareDir]
 dir = public

Next I use this plugin to process .js.tt files in the appropriate directory, so that
.js files are produced.

 [FileFinder::ByName / JavaScriptTTFiles]
 dir = public/js
 file = *.js.tt
 [Template::Tiny]
 finder = JavaScriptTTFiles
 replace = 1
 prune = 1

Finally, I create a version.js.tt file

 if(PlugAuth === undefined) var PlugAuth = {};
 if(PlugAuth === undefined) PlugAuth.UI = {};
 
 PlugAuth.UI.Name = 'PlugAuth WebUI';
 PlugAuth.UI.VERSION = '[% dzil.version %]';

which gets processed and used when the distribution is built and later installed.  I also
create a version.js file in the same directory so that I can use the distribution without
having to build it.

 if(PlugAuth === undefined) var PlugAuth = {};
 if(PlugAuth === undefined) PlugAuth.UI = {};
 
 PlugAuth.UI.Name = 'PlugAuth WebUI';
 PlugAuth.UI.VERSION = 'dev';

Now when I run it out of the checked out distribution I get C<dev> reported as the version
and the actual version reported when I run from an installed copy.

There are probably other use cases and ways to get yourself into trouble.

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Graham Ollis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

